README.md, before:

# Install the program

1. Install [Miniconda (Python3.7)](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html)  on your local machine. You can access conda via the console, to make sure it's properly installed please run `conda -V` to display the version.

2. Create new virtual environment. Open Anaconda Prompt and run:

    ```conda create --name selenium_env python==3.7 –y```

3.  Once it's created you can activate it by running: ```conda activate selenium_env```

4. Go to the current directory, run ```pip install -r requirements.txt``` under the activated virtual environment

5. Setup environment variables for Windows 10 System. Typical path is :C:\Users\user_ID\AppData\Local\Continuum\miniconda3\envs\selenium_env

6. To show hidden files in Windows 10:

![show hidden files](images/screenshots2.PNG)

7. Run the run.bat, it will call hello_world.py, and check if everything works.
8. Maybe need to download chrome webdriver, check user's chrome version, and download it. Copy paste it into the env folder (same path in step 5)
9. Change the run.bat file path.

# To Run the program

1. Fill in template.xlsx with validated data, double check, and save.

2. Fill in the AiM login username and password in the command line window, note that the password won't be shown on the screen. Click enter and the program will continue.

   ![CMD login screenshots](images/screenshots1.PNG)

 

# Important Notes for Users

1. Please do not change any file names.
2. Please do not change the layout of excel templates, i.e. adding columns, deleting columns, changing column names, etc.
3. Please make sure the input value is valid.
4. Always check the error logs.txt after the program finishes. The program should continue running while logging the error.
5. If there are any questions or improvement suggestions, feel free to contact Tim.

Commit message:

Fixed non-editable bug, dont log it as errors

README.md, after:

# Improvement Logs

* 2019-12-06: For some components with non-editable start date, skip inputting start date. Continue to parse in other input areas. Don't log into error logs.

# Install the program

1. Install [Miniconda (Python3.7)](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html)  on your local machine. You can access conda via the console, to make sure it's properly installed please run `conda -V` to display the version.

2. Create new virtual environment. Open Anaconda Prompt and run:

    ```conda create --name selenium_env python==3.7 –y```

3.  Once it's created you can activate it by running: ```conda activate selenium_env```

4. Go to the current directory, run ```pip install -r requirements.txt``` under the activated virtual environment

5. Setup environment variables for Windows 10 System. Typical path is :C:\Users\user_ID\AppData\Local\Continuum\miniconda3\envs\selenium_env

6. To show hidden files in Windows 10:

![show hidden files](images/screenshots2.PNG)

7. Run the run.bat, it will call hello_world.py, and check if everything works.
8. Maybe need to download chrome webdriver, check user's chrome version, and download it. Copy paste it into the env folder (same path in step 5)
9. Change the run.bat file path.

# To Run the program

1. Fill in template.xlsx with validated data, double check, and save.

2. Fill in the AiM login username and password in the command line window, note that the password won't be shown on the screen. Click enter and the program will continue.

   ![CMD login screenshots](images/screenshots1.PNG)

 

# Important Notes for Users

1. Please do not change any file names.
2. Please do not change the layout of excel templates, i.e. adding columns, deleting columns, changing column names, etc.
3. Please make sure the input value is valid.
4. Always check the error logs.txt after the program finishes. The program should continue running while logging the error.
5. If there are any questions or improvement suggestions, feel free to contact Tim.
